Options on the home page.
Q: what is the best approach for displaying multiple options on the home page?

first, let's clarify what exactly we want. Here are the options:
Which words to be tested on
How many choices per question (easy, medium, difficult, etc.)
How many total questions

Perhaps we would consider having a settings tab. There, the user could modify the settings,
but there would be defaults. E.g. default 6 choices (medium) and 10 questions.
The user would still select which words to be tested on.

In which words, we could simply give each group a name, e.g. B"K Gm' 2a.
Or we could also have an option to click on the category and display the words
in the group (with translations).

to start with, let's have a link to a new page 'options' that displays the options
of which words to use. we will have two groups, Group 1 and Group 2.
Each group will have a different JSON file. The JSON files will be stored in a folder
called 'json'. For now, we will hard code all our files and values.

10/12/20 1:21 PM.
Goals: 
1. add fixed width to container so it doesn't change each time. - done!
2. Refit the progress bar so it reflects the progress properly (e.g. 1/12 should show 1/12) - done!
3. Points system should be out of 100 points. (100/totalQuestions and Math.round()) 
    1:52 PM:
    - started, still have bugs at question 7 and on
    - Math.round is rounding to two decimals for most of it, but stops rounding at Q7
    - done! instead of rounding the pointValue variable, I decided to just round the score
    variable itself. we no longer are getting the bug at question 7
    -also, the score will automatically round up to a whole number at the end and will round
    down to 100 if it's over 100

3:39 PM.
Goals:
1. Save each word the user gets wrong into array 'studyWords'. - done!
2. At the end of the game, set item studyWords to equal the studyWords (stringified) array. - done!
3. If the array is not empty, display the (parsed) array on the end page.
    -so far, I have succeeded in displaying the div when there are study words. it only remains to
    populate the div with the actual study words.
    -done!